---
tags:
  - polkadot.js
  - next.js
  - tokengate
  - authentication
keywords: [polkadot.js, next, authentication, tokengated]
description: How to write a tokengated website with polkadot.js API and next.js
image: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1601119479271-21ca92049c81?ixlib=rb-4.0.3&ixid=MnwxMjA3fDB8MHxwaG90by1wYWdlfHx8fGVufDB8fHx8&auto=format&fit=crop&w=1771&q=80
updated: 2023-03-08
author: niklasp
---

# Tokengated Website with next-auth, polkadot browser extension and polkadot js API

In recent years, tokengated websites have become an increasingly popular way to
control access to sensitive information or functionality on a website. By
requiring an authentication token to access certain pages or features, website
developers can ensure that only authorized users or applications can interact
with their website, while preventing unauthorized access and protecting the
security and privacy of their users.

The use cases for tokengated websites are diverse, ranging from user
authentication and authorization, to paid content, to API access control. In the
context of Non-Fungible Tokens (NFTs) or other crypto tokens, tokengated
websites can be used to provide exclusive access to content or functionality
based on the ownership of these tokens.

For example, in the case of NFTs, tokengated websites can be used to provide
exclusive content or perks to users who own a specific NFT. This could include
early access to new releases, special events, or other benefits. By requiring
users to hold a specific token that corresponds to their NFT ownership, website
developers can ensure that only authorized users can access these exclusive
features, while also providing additional value to NFT owners and helping to
ensure the authenticity and provenance of their digital assets.

In this tutorial, we will walk through the process of creating a tokengated
website that is specifically designed to work with NFTs or other crypto tokens.
We will cover the basics of token authentication in substrate based chains with
the polkadot js API and how to create exclusive content and functionality that
is only accessible to users who own specific tokens. Whether you are a digital
artist, a crypto enthusiast, or simply interested in the latest developments in
web development and security, this tutorial will provide you with the knowledge
and skills you need to create your own tokengated website and take advantage of
the benefits that this technology has to offer.

## Time of completion

3h

## What you'll learn

- List of concepts the reader will learn

## Prerequisites

- Basic react + next.js knowledge
- Basic knowledge of JSON Web Tokens (JWT)
- Basic knowledge of the polkadot js API

## Author

Niftesty is a freelance frontend developer. He codes anything polkadot related
at the moment and has graduated in the Polkadot Blockchain Academy 2023 in
Buenos Aires.
