# About polkadot.study

Polkadot.study is aiming to be an open educational platform **for developers by
developers** and to provide good educational content in the form of tutorials /
videos with interactive learning exercises and incremental learning exercises.
It provides the infrastructure for submitting tutorials in a well organized,
accessible way as well as fund the creation of professional tutorials.

It allows readers to learn about concepts relevant to the Dotsama ecosystem by
providing an entry point for tutorials, documentation and repositories for
studying.

Polkadot.study is build on existing solutions that have already proven to be a
reliable source for very good developer documentation and educational content:
[Docusaurus](https://docusaurus.io/). It makes it easy for writers to
concentrate on the content, it can easily be enriched with interactive code
snippets and custom plugins and has well proven across the ecosystem, e.g. is
already powering the Polkadot Wiki, the KILT documentation, the subsocial
developer documentation and probably many others.

All the code of this platform, as well as the tutorials and documentation is
open sourced on [github](https://github.com/PolkadotStudy/website).

New content can easily be submitted by anyone with knowledge of git in the form
of Pull Requests that can be authored by the repository team. The platform aims
to be open to anyone: with a different skill level of the readers as well as a
multitude of authors.

It was first funded by the Kusama treasury in March 2023 after a
[a successful referendum](https://kusama.subsquare.io/referenda/referendum/102).

## Future

Upcoming proposals about developing and decentralizing polkadot.study or the
funding of new dev tutorial authors will be moved to Polkadot Governance.

Docusaurus also offers the option of localization (i.e. providing content in
different languages) which will not be part of this proposal but might come very
handy in future versions.

## Links

- The
  [first full proposal](https://crustipfs.info/ipfs/QmRa9uSW2gFRrEXtyGECAr18BqNMqizAaBCeihjLz67eTw)
