---
slug: report-month-1
authors: [niklasp]
---

# Polkadot.Study Report March 2023

This is the report for the Kusama Token Holders / Treasury for the first month of building pollkadot.study. Below you will find tasks, accomplished in the first month as well as plans for the following month.

The goal of completion is a total of 4 months, with 3 months remaining. I am confident, that I reach can reach the goal.

## Setup

- Registered Domains (polkadot.study, polka.study)
- [Github](https://github.com/PolkadotStudy/polkadot.study) setup
  - Setup an issue template for new tutorial authors
- Vercel setup polkadot.study / staging.polkadot.study
  - automatically build new commits and pull requests (from authors)
- Setup the Docusaurus environment for polkadot.study
- Research
  - Discussed Docusaurus functionality on Docusaurus Discord and Github
  - 

## Design

What you currently see is only a quick preview of what the designers created in a first iteration. The design is going to be finished in the next 2 months. Tasks completed:

- Setup a design document for the designers and a slack channel.
- Several meetings: first iteration is visible on polkadot.study already

## Components

A key part of the interactive tutorials on polkadot.study are the interactive react components. I have created the initial logic for those, so authors can already use them and play around.

- Initial Dev of [Task and Question Components](https://polkadot.study/docs/authors/components-cheatsheet#tasks) for interactive Tutorials

## Authors

- Found 6 Authors (from the PBA context) to write new tutorials on polkadot.study. View their plans here: [https://github.com/PolkadotStudy/polkadot.study/issues](https://github.com/PolkadotStudy/polkadot.study/issues)
- Discussed with authors and setup the above mentioned author intro
- Agreed on 50/50 funding beforehand and on completion
- Wrote a tutorial for authors on [How to write a new Tutorial on polkadot.study](https://polkadot.study/docs/authors/new-tutorial-on-polkadot-study/intro)
  - Content requirements
  - Funding
  - Markdown mdx cheatsheet Wrote cheat cheat for authors
  - Contribution Guidelines
  - Develop an empty starter Tutorial to start from for authors

## Collaborations

- Discussing possible Collaborations with Substrate in Bits, current discussion here: https://kusama.polkassembly.io/post/2530
- Discussing  possible Collaborations with robonomics.network
- Connected with Parity Developer Relations in a meeting

## Next

- Accompany the writing of the tutorials / help authors to get started
- Find more authors
- Refine and implement the design along designers
  - Landing Page
  - Tag Pages
- Tag / Category Pages (e.g. polkadot.js API, XCM, substrate) with links to external learning materials
  - Contact eligible people to help setting up the content for tag pages (ink, xcm, substrate, ...)
- Further development of Task and Question Components
- Look for more possible collaborations (with parachains)
- More meetings with parity dev rel
- Writing a good „Tokengated Website with pollkadot.js“ Tutorial
